Vol-Vision-2020.pdf: Note the section about Priority 2, grad students.

Strengthen graduate education through an emphasis on excellence and improvement of the graduate student experience
Excellent graduate programs and high-achieving graduate students are hallmarks of leading public research universities. Today, UT has several graduate programs of national prominence across a variety of academic disciplines. To achieve national distinction, we will need to foster excellence in academic programs, both existing and emerging. Over the next five years, we will increase graduate degree production through an emphasis on excellence.
As a broad strategic direction, we will engage academic programs to define measures of excellence in graduate education. Recognizing that growth in graduate education requires investment, we will develop a sustainable resource model to support growth goals. In line with the core values of a flagship university, we commit to comprehensive excellence and a healthy balance of growth across disciplines. We further commit to growth at the doctoral and master’s and professional degree levels.
Over the next five years, we will encourage academic programs to develop recruitment plans for graduate education that align with academic strengths, faculty capacity, and student opportunity. We will emphasize growth in areas that demonstrate excellence. We will also encourage our faculty to integrate graduate education with areas of leading-edge collaborative research and scholarly activity, which may result in growth through innovative new programs.
We will support growth in master’s and professional degree programs. Over the next five years, we will increase professional degree programs in areas of existing and emerging student demand, which includes programs for nontraditional and working students. This direction will require flexibility in the curriculum delivery to include models that leverage online modes of delivery and alternative schedules to accommodate working professionals. We will also review the tuition model for online programs to be more competitive on a national scale.
Over the next five years, we will improve our ability to recruit an exceptional body of graduate students. Our strategy will include recruitment of diverse and global students. During our period of stakeholder outreach, graduate students expressed that accomplished faculty, quality academic programs, and innovative research opportunities positively influenced their decision to enroll at UT. While we expect that our commitment to excellence will improve our ability to attract well- qualified students over time, we will improve our tactical recruiting practices to be more competitive for these students. We will also improve financial support packages, including stipends, tuition waivers, and benefits, to be competitive in the market.
Prominent graduate programs demonstrate strong graduate student success and career placement results. Over the next five years, we will support students in completing programs in a timely manner. We will support graduate students in evaluating career options and provide relevant training to result in competitive placement after graduation. We will also engage our alumni network, where applicable, to assist with career placement for graduate students.
Consistent with our direction in undergraduate education, we will promote coordinated communication, services, and administrative processes with a student-centric philosophy. We will also continue to advance the use of data to improve effectiveness and evaluate excellence.

Indicators of Excellence
Indicators of excellence will engage colleges and divisions in defining specific excellence goals for graduate education. High-level guidance for indicators is as follows:
  * Enrollment: Enrollment trends, application trends
  * Student Qualifications: Student entering qualifications, entering test
scores and academic achievement (as applicable)
  * Student Progression: Degree completion rates, time to degree
  * Student Accomplishments: Graduate student accomplishments in research, scholarship, and creative achievement; prestigious awards and fellowships
  * Outcomes: Career placement
